rather than excited that we need yes we
need to just look at it I don't know
here's a Prada tonight I know but here's
my problem buddy yours I'm so done with
this topic and this is a very important
topic I understand very worried but if
it's just a matter of where we have it I
mean we look at it what we're looking at
it next year again me we've already
agreed to how we're gonna look at it
yeah if it's on our highlights page who
cares because people are talking about
it Kim we need to respond to it as a
board people are quite want me to later
we're using the right test no it's not
the only measure were using well it's
the only one used in terms of national
percentiles and maybe we should
determine if as a board if it's
something we should be looking I don't
think that we should be deciding what
goes on our website asking it that a
discussion goes on the agenda I know but
I'm saying I don't want to have it on
the agenda hello miss Bailey um what I
maybe tonight actually like to decide I
actually um I think then you go back to
the October 18 minutes I'm pretty sure
it was October 18th I thought with ms
lockport I too thought this had been
decided I thought it was pretty clear we
are doing and I just said it so but
repeated college and career readiness
grade level and meets and exceeds and
we're using the Illinois standard and
map the fact that we're using a
different test and you're saying is the
test it was a question asked make of it
basis I want us we're using a different
test than we decided to use teams to do
what hello we're to measure it and to
present it out to show what how our
students are doing that we're using a
different test than we decided to use so
what we decide out two great teams
aboard is different than what's on our
highlights page all right but I see this
is where I have the issue our webpage
should be something that draws people to
our district that's what highlights our
team and so like if I'm in it like do we
want to put all our lawsuits up there
I'm confused like what's wrong why
highlights page having some if it's
accurate data I don't want to lie but I
don't understand what difference it
makes as long as it's truthful if it's
think something that we didn't say we
were going to measure ourselves with its
like I mean I work at a business we
don't put on there all of our failures
we put on our successes really don't
kind of I know it's important for me to
say this because I was told today that I
haven't been enough I haven't been
positive enough and I want to say that
Oh contraire our because Kim I think
that using the data that has been
presented tells a very positive story
for this district that you look at the
fact that we have doubled the amount of
the number of kids who are on track for
college and career readiness in the last
six years those are positive ways of
using data I don't think we need to use
the SAT tend to tell a positive story I
guess my field I actually believe the
team over here I'm not done yet because
when i'm told that I the team over here
and over here has done a great job and
they have an end the summer school
summer school presentation nine is
another indication of really unique and
forward-thinking ID prove the
achievement of all kids in this district
we've done some really amazing things I
don't think should we not report that
though because it's not the way that we
it's not those those three things or
whatever this has nothing to do with it
does that mean it doesn't belong in our
highlights page so you see what I'm
saying it's like that that is lost me
you just said how great our summer
school is don't I would put that what
they just presented on to our highlights
page 2 well then why can't we put
something else on our highlights page
that's not a specific measurement it's
like we should not be determining as a
board what what's the Lord they
determined to what they determine the
hot damn Terry I ask that if you put on
the agenda if you want to have this
conversation this is a conversation I
would like to have I don't want to have
it tonight or if you want to have it
tonight we can I don't want
have it tonight I was trying to give
everyone ample warning that I wanted and
agenda you are giving your side story I
have an equally compelling story to tell
you but I want to do it in two weeks
when we have time to prepare did not
have seasonal about anymore that's my
question she she legitimately holds the
question mr. summer I'm trying to go oh
this is a subject that I know people are
passionate about so mr. summers let's
hear from you and then let's hear from
Miss Lockhart and then let's make a
decision I think we talked about
statistics and tests and assessments in
mind numbing detail